everybody welcome back to northern land
plays The Binding of Isaac and Ruth plus
I am an idiot moron man and I didn't get
the rerun achievement last time but I
did get the negative at least on that
like Aidan three million years our long
run I don't know what I'm talking about
I'm gonna try a greedy or Azazel you
know why I always I shy away from
playing as Azazel and it's stupid
we gotta play as him at some point nine
et/pt f2a the force two awakens that's
the sequel to The Force awakens coming
out this December from yay yay Abrams
not JJ Abrams yay yay Abrams how you
doin yay I'm surviving
I was directed earlier now I'm driving
we're gonna grab black candle and dude
okay well actually we might already have
the keys to the kingdom I know you're
saying it's a little too early to say
that you've got the keys I'll just say
we got the garage door opener for the
garage that is adjacent to the kingdom
we push the button we can get into the
garage because blank card essentially
with like almost anything to back it up
is is extremely extremely good not black
handle sorry that's a black him blank
card I might have said blank card either
way we want to get 12 cents on this
floor this is a floor where we buy we're
like Matthew McConaughey in the wolf of
Wall Street look it's been like six
years on that 60s but like four years
since I seen the wolf of Wall Street
[Music]
but I assume you know he's like some
kind of stockbroker or something he's
buying all the time buying and selling
import-export we need 12 cents because 5
videos 5 of it goes towards the key 7 of
it goes towards getting blank card and
honestly getting like 9 ball wouldn't be
too bad here either but let's start with
this night light is actually ok I think
as Azazel that might give us like a
little range upgrade I don't think it
does
wishful thinking but we'll still take
you because you know it adds a little
that's a little certain ribbing for our
pleasure at this point a certain you
know c'est quoi a certain knives you've
a dragon kosong civil play we should lay
off Sal de bomb where's Leila Salle de
Bain it would squirt a great deal this
is going nowhere ok it's terrible damage
we're gonna get enough money to get 9
volt if we want it do we want it I think
you have to say that it's probably for
the best you know it basically gives us
a 25% faster charge rate dude I swear to
God every single floor we start with a
deal with the devil that doesn't have
any dang deals in it d20 also lovely but
I mean we got the Azazel keys right now
or we're adjacent to the garage door in
fact we actually like you know if this
was the escapists 2 we knocked a guard
out we copied his keycard
we haven't actually put our plan into
action but we've got the infrastructure
to do so in the future quickly peep this
tears up great very good what else do we
need I mean a tears upgrade that
basically cuts 1/3 off of our rate of
fire is lovely no thank you
I can see forever is also pretty good
the real draw I think let's see if it's
a demon judgment it is
the real draw I think though is a range
upgrade if we can swing it I'll buy it
to send hard just to give myself a
little extra pull here
god I'm drowsy which is actually a very
very good pill if you know that you got
it if you don't know that you got it
it's not so good so we definitely need I
mean we'd like to buy a card on top of a
card obviously we need a key to get into
our item room and then on top of that
some more red hearts to maybe play this
demon judgement wouldn't be the worst
thing but keep in mind like right now
the Azazel loop is like the same in
every mode you start out looking really
strong and usually you end up being
really strong but it's totally possible
to get screwed by the fact that your
range is garbage and ultra greed is
genuinely one of the hardest bosses in
the game you know probably not quite as
difficult as the lyrium but we don't
want to be in his face most of the time
we're gonna want to be like as far away
as we can conceivably be we've been a
great magic mush but that's fine we want
to be as far away as we can get while
still being able to hit so unless we get
a brimstone we're gonna be looking for
no I mean I'm trying to think of what
would actually work for us here in the
in the blank card Department and I don't
think there is anything if we got like
placebo range upgrade pill we can make
that was bad we can make that happen but
I mean that's not blank card if we can't
make it happen with like a little baggie
or anything so um there is a range plus
luck upgrade in there but to be honest I
kind of like basically because these are
two cents it's like a cent per play on
the demon judgement we could also give
up a spear on heart to make it happen
which isn't the worst idea yeah
missing page two in the end I'm gonna
say that a key is a little bit more
important than being able to get mom's
pearls but that might be short-sighted
we got compound fracture which was a
range upgrade but apart from that a
little bit of a not quite as good on
Azazel as it is on other characters
shall we say
but that's the thing you know you got it
you got to buy a ticket to the lottery
to have a chance to win I hate that
that's the metaphor for like for taking
risk you got to do something that
statistically is gonna lose you money
over the course of your lifetime if you
want to get ahead that's not really the
case I suppose but you know the metaphor
fits except it's more like you know you
got to apply for the job if you want to
get it then metaphor is way less
exciting is if you get a job now you got
a job if you wouldn't a lottery you get
like you know 180 million dollars or
something did you guys see that story
there was a man in in Maine you know in
the United States of America he won the
lottery the lottery was twenty five
thousand dollars a year for the rest of
his life but my dude is 93 years old
I'm not look he's paid his taxes
presumably he's uh he's got as much of a
right to do with his money whatever he
wants but does he work for the lottery
corporation cuz like it just seems a
little suspicious to me that a 93 year
old man is entering blank Rd era is
obviously extremely good that a 93 year
old man is entering contests to you know
win blank a year for the rest of his
life like I'm not again this is not a
the right time to use a ierra
we'll save it for the next floor I'm not
suggesting you shouldn't be able to but
am I wrong to suggest that he shouldn't
have look I don't know it's tough
because every at the range upgrade here
is nice it's tough
wait the range up here is not nice plus
0.25 why even bother um oh okay okay key
check this what's the card justice Oh
baby
what's the big deal well let's hit this
we should hit this first now that we
have the bomb we could blank card Yara
in a different situation actually and
also probably stand to gain some money
but there's a nickel in here and
infinity keys so what we'll try to make
this work I should have gone to the
arcade or isn't that the arcade for the
item room it's it's a tough thing for me
to tease out how I want to say how I
feel about the issue I'm not even saying
he's selfish for playing cuz reasonably
he probably didn't expect to win he
might have just bought a lottery ticket
and been like you know you know this
will entertain me for like ten minutes
or something like that but it's like you
should have the rights to like
transferred the winnings or something to
his estate because it just seems unfair
a great boon for the lottery corporate
or maybe not you know maybe he'll live
to be a hundred and thirty in which case
you know I look extremely callous in the
present situation I'm also not saying
that even if he lives for oh we should
have doubled that probably about twenty
years ago
um I'm not saying that even if he only
lives for one year that it that he
shouldn't have the right to collect on
the 25 grand that he's earned but just
saying like the the lottery company like
bases its margins on what their expected
payout is they're probably expected not
a 93 year old to win that you know
twenty five thousand dollars a year for
the rest of your life payout it's just
it's a funny situation
you might even say it's Alanis
Morrisette esque
isn't it ironic an old man 1098 one the
latter we $25,000 a year for the rest of
his ok that's more like custom-fitted
but dude I'm so mad cuz bighorn is like
he's dead but I can't get to him without
touching the coins we lost a lot of HP
here but actually losing HP is mostly
irrelevant considering we're probably
gonna have pretty close to infinite
money what we need actually is a battery
charge like okay hear me out here cuz if
you get a battery charge things change a
lot here battery baby is really good
with the battery charges wherever you
want to because now we can double here
endlessly and that gives us endless
everything like we have double NV
unfortunately it might actually no it's
gotta be double NV one super NV one
regular NV this borderline gives us the
win I think I mean blank card it's just
like it's kind of almost cheating in in
green mode it's within the rules of the
game but it's also like really really
easy we're also one item away from
becoming guppy so I think we start we
era the era there's a justice card as
well Vieira and then we era and what do
you do after that well you want to avoid
like cluttering up the screen too much
so we're gonna buy battery bay because
it's excellent
I'll think about that we might this I
don't want to keep EE necessarily the
thing is you might be saying well why
are you picking stuff up you could just
double it later yeah but we can also
double one thing infinity time so we
have infinity no matter which way you
slice it let's go with latchkey for a
little extra Janice a qua will take a
couple of range upgrades here and then
let's go I mean with too many justice
cards to be honest did that yera and
maneuver to the battery charge there you
go wrong like it's gonna become tough to
do anything in there we could have just
gotten our money out here I guess but we
can also get infinite money anywhere we
want I don't really want to do this for
one cent at a time be here for 20 years
why are you paying for a battery charge
in today's modern world dude you know
what I think we should get like 99 cents
and then head down to the next floor
like just take all of your money make
sure you leave with the era rune and
then just go to the next floor because
we've crowded this up too much
yeah yeah yeah I think this is fine
there should be no shortage of good
items now our range actually looks good
now we still have blank card Yarra
ranges 29 it was 18 I think at the start
of this floor so relatively well it's
not that big but it's decent
Pyro's good HP we can always use cuz we
did take deals with the devil here we
might as well peep this room real quick
we got a blank card High Priestess which
is ear relevant I would say and a reroll
machine which is awesome okay so again
we got a battery charge right off the
bat what do you do if that's a nickel
well we got two cents just looking at
this I'm like we get a key in a red
heart but every time we do this we're
also losing a cent to get a key in a row
or not forever though because we're
creating more money on the ground that's
right okay so we're just gonna create
like a bunch of money we're lucky
there's not nearly as many consumables
here this time so yeah we'll just double
to like this point and then start buying
so we'll get PJs another range upgrade
another range upgrade Cuba Meade is fine
Halos good one up not necessary yet
we'll go spider mod start doubling again
[Music]
now we've done it
such a satisfying sound though okay
we'll go one up now I can't even see the
other I'd look a lump of coal
take some HP take a tears upgrade nah we
don't need that where's our other
where's our other right there it is no
way that's I thought we had another item
in here I don't know where it went
let's go for the reroll so we had luck
foot that's okay I'll go for Agard
BFF absolutely x-ray goggles absolutely
d4 not necessary yet we'll go
experimental treatment take another
range upgrade it's about to get real
crowded in here
[Music]
take a speed upgrade take another HP
upgrade we can use the red hearts take
the damage upgrade okay I think we're
ready now to fight on this floor you
might as well double right off the bed
cuz that first you know knocking out an
early doubling can mean a lot eventually
as long as we don't accidentally pick up
anything and then like here it's much
easier for us to not pick up all the
coins accidentally you know so why are
we getting a battery charge every time I
press the spacebar I don't know if we
we've done something amazing every time
I press the spacebar I get another
battery charge back every whatever I've
done to deserve this I it was not enough
because this is unlimited rolls of
unlimited money which is a new level of
ridiculousness and again we can actually
pick up all this if we want because
we're getting so many more charges it
actually does not matter
hard to get out of the mindset that this
is like wasting money but
a little harder to care when you realize
that it's well and truly infinite
especially because we got battery
charges in here I can't even see what's
going on in here so sure give me a tears
upgrade we're at the tears cap give me a
reroll oh dude
another damage upgrade and spun another
tears upgrade that won't work for us
another syringe boxes stuff another
syringe which is also a range upgrade I
mean I don't really care about the left
hand right now
[Music]
mom's key means okay we instantly got
fully charged again we'll go mom's key I
mean kind of feel like we might as well
stack red hearts to some extent like
anything that gives us stats is more or
less worth taking I think
[Music]
we need like a quarter of the screen to
get the max HP got the fungi
transformation and we're actually just
buying HP to avoid using a single bomb
to re-roll right now which is not smart
but on top of not being smart you know
what it is extremely not relevant
because this is actually like the most
money I think I've ever had the
capability of having on a run I'm kind
of stunned I'm also just waiting for
Kaos to eventually show up I use the
blank card health up there we go so this
will be a win it's just a matter of
whether or not I have the patience to
actually take the run to like its
logical conclusion here I mean straw is
fine actually
obviously like not quite as good as a
lot of the other stuff we got going on
on this run we might as well there's
probably like transformations that we
could create that we've never seen
before we are not not seen in this save
file I should say so bum friend is
actually a terrible pick up he's gonna
pick up all of the the myriad coins we
got but we might be able to double too
fast for him to actually grab them all
a lot of these do like literally nothing
for us rubber cement might bounce I
can't remember is that another D it is D
for I don't want the broken remote ha
good I can't see what's going okay I
think we almost like we still have year
we still appear like we almost have to
get out of here like I just can't see
what's going on in that room anymore a
rubber cement does bounce off the wall
so we're pretty close here dude this is
like ideal Tammy's head I don't even
look at bum friend when it goes over one
of the coins that has like eight coins
on it goes like good and how can you do
that sound for me one with that good
[Music]
like he's thought this is the fattest
bum friend we'll ever see in our entire
lives
he's gonna pick up like a thousand cents
my dude is still going I mean at this
point we might as well take it like
literally every day I don't know why
even rush for that I don't think we need
illuminated bulb it's not like the other
ones are doing anything for us always
paying out get out of the way we could
we could be there all day he's still
paying I actually think this guy might
pay out for eternity like my dude is
still going Oh another damage upgrade
getting up there damage is still like a
weak spot but not by to much
we have no battery charge here this is
where oh my god he's gonna drop all this
stuff on the ground and it's gonna annoy
the crap out of me because every time I
double is just gonna crowd things up so
I mean we might as well almost just
stand still wait for him to pay out with
everything he's gonna pay out with cuz
we're approaching like absurdity here
and by approaching I mean like we
crossed the absurd threshold quite a
long time ago is he still going yeah yes
he is
well I mean most of these items kind of
stink let's be honest
think fast bombs ooh
leprosy number one minor range downgrade
in our current context thankfully we're
mostly just buying at this point because
there's not a great reason not to we
have I mean we literally do not have to
donate anything we've already gotten our
donation machine to its peak so a bum
friend is picking up all the money so
there's not actually too much point in
going for the rerolls here unless you
can do them fast enough to kind of
create enough money to I don't know
think that things are gonna get real
confusing in this room if we keep doing
that not like we're in a terrible spot
here we're actually like in an
incredible spot I kind of I'm in over my
head though in the sense that I have no
idea what's happening at any given
moment because of the fact that it's
it's just so busy
I'll be done we're done let's just
finish it up here like I don't even mean
finish the run I just mean finish this
floor like I would love if you just gave
me a deal with the devil that turned me
into guppy cuz honestly like I'm like
Howard Hughes in his movie room right
now in his home theater I'm trapped in
there
I got no idea what's going on there we
go there's the guppy dream we might as
well take little Horn
you got some I can't even tell cuz we
got so many familiars like I've
surrounded myself with with things I
can't see anymore even like bum friend
is just living off of the passive income
here I don't think there's anything
wrong with that but at the same time
like please let me out we got to finish
this one up it's been a fun run like I
mean we were the picture of Isaac's
success right now yet at the same time
it's almost like be careful what you
wish for which is why I'm gonna take it
a little simpler on this floor I'd still
like to get some improvements like I'd
like to be in max level HP whether
that's some combination of red hearts
and spirit arts red hearts only etc etc
I wouldn't mind replacing the card in
blank card with something else right now
like we don't necessarily need yera
anymore there's really just one floor of
madness created this situation
see oh they're all completely alive
okay
this is why I both love and hate
greedier it will greed in general it was
like it's a really fun run
but the Zane is almost removed by the
amount of Zane you can get it's too much
Zane luck stat is 4 so I think GIMP is a
fine pick up and in here
ok blow this up first blow this up we
got consumables out the resume here it's
a common expression people say it all
the time
I think first just lowers our shot speed
huh first see what you get out of
starter deck we get a good card I'm yeah
that'll do so how do we do this I mean
with only one battery we could have done
this better but I think we'll buy
telekinesis it's a fun item I think
we'll buy this I think we'll buy this
well double up oh I didn't use blank
card to double up that's fine we should
have a full charge on blank card anyway
yeah we use that to double up remember
we don't donate anything so the next
step is just since there's no battery
charges we're gonna use non stacks dad's
key doesn't do anything for us these are
we're just getting like all the actives
out lusty blood is lovely we might as
well just buy this double with two of
diamonds pick up Papa fly I'm just
trying to get the maximum amount of
resources chocolate milk I think is a
big damage boost right there big fire
rate upgrade Capricorn not really much
in the damaged apartment I don't think
static tears does anything for us so I
think we're okay we'll just take
telekinesis with us get the heck out of
town
we still have a year Arun the purpose of
the year Arun at this point is to use a
little Chad wood that it will that even
work might not I was gonna say to use a
little Chad to generate twice as many
red hearts for us but maybe it'll be
relevant maybe you won't that'll
probably be irrelevant though yeah we
don't need a flatworm at all so just
rock like this and telekinesis is
actually just good so the idea is
whenever he shoots at us especially
explosive shots we can push him away
with telekinesis as long as you remember
to actually press the button
does not work on keys just tried it
it's like extremely good damage output
mind you because of the ultra armor the
dude is going to be relatively safe
regardless but you know that's that's a
bone to pick for another day I don't
want to go out on a rant here okay I had
a good Dennis Miller impression lined up
but the the hard part is just thinking
of the words I don't want to go off on a
rant here but is anyone thinking
Machiavellian philosophy is like
throwing relish only on a hot dog I mean
come on there's so many better options
sure might get you calories but why
don't you go for something to taste good
Dennis Miller of course most famous for
his role as radio DJ in Joe Dirt I
thought
you cannot hurt me unless you move very
very slightly up
shooting me sure to me see what happens
I'm ready I'm ready for telekinesis look
at that
you've been deflected sir and then I
stood right under the next shot but
we're gonna ignore that part
finally and by finally I mean 28 minutes
into this run we're gonna be done and
these any reason to donate any more
we just got batwing which I basically
never use take two cents we'll be on our
merry way
good run thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed it if you did click the like
button upside a great deal of course
subscribe you wanna see more in the
future for now thanks for watching and I
will see you next time